 

**Scott Eskridge**

Tel : (425) 894-3697 | Email: <Scott.Eskridge@gmail.com> | GitHub :
github.com/scotteskridge

**Summary**

Self-learning software developer that can rapidly become proficient in
any new framework. I have a background in electrical engineering, math,
and finance. I have a strong foundation in fundamental computer science
principals and am skilled at breaking down complex problems into easy to
manage pieces. Currently, I’m looking for a team where I can use those
skills to produce efficient solutions and deploy great products.  

**Technical Qualifications**

LANGUAGES: JavaScript, Python, SQL, C\#, HTML, CSS

FRAMEWORK: React.js, AngularJS, Express.js, Socket.io, Django, Flask,
Bootstrap, ASP.NET Core, MVC

DATABASE: MySQL, SQLite, , NoSQL, MongoDB, Building ERDs

METHODOLOGY: MVC, Object Oriented Programming, Responsive Web
Development, RESTful Architecture  
DEPLOYMENT: AWS, Azure

TESTING : Selenium, Chai

Others: GitHub, MobX, Redux, jQuery, node.js, Bower/Yarn, NPM, WebPack

 

**Software Development Experience**

**Coding Dojo**, Full Stack Web Development Student Seattle, WA – 2016

Completed an immersive software development program with more than 1,000
hours spent learning and developing web

applications using Python, MEAN, and C\# ASP.NET Core. Front end frame
works included Angular, React framework

**Projects :**

**Dominion** (JavaScript, React, Mobx, Socket.io) – Reimplementation of
the popular table top card game Dominion as a one page app with reactive
elements and GUI.

**Message Board** (Python, Django, SQLlite) – Full stack and full CRUD
development of a message board app with RESTful architecture deployed
through AWS

**Calendar App** – (MongoDB , Express, Angular, Node.js) One page AJAX
style appointment and calendar app for managing medical appointments.

**20+** - Various other one page full CRUD applications showcasing key
technologies please see GitHub account.

**Business Experience**

**Management & Communication Skills**

-   Responsible for the hiring, training and motivation of a team of 6
    loan originators.

-   Initiated and assembled a recruitment and retain-ability document
    for Air Force wide use.

-   Maintained and organized an average monthly pipeline of $5M in new
    consumer loan applications.

**Analysis & Organization**

-   Designed and produced sales tracking and CRM integration for a
    pipeline of 250+ monthly customers

-   Deployed online marketing strategy incorporating multiple technology
    platforms to drive business

-   Rebuilt database and payroll software integration for team of twelve

-   Established and maintained duplicate-able system of tracking and
    comparing daily rates changes and underwriting guidelines of over 30
    top lenders in 3 main categories of real estate mortgage.

     

**EMPLOYMENT HISTORY**

01/16 - Present     **Owner Advocate Mortgage Bellevue**, WA

02/15 - 12/15 **Senior Loan Broker PNC Bank Bellevue, WA**

11/11 - 10/14 **Production Manager Garven’s Mortgage Group**
**ColoSprings, Co**

12/09 - 06/11 **Senior Loan Officer Mortgage Solutions ColoSprings, Co**

05/05 - 08/09 **Mortgage Banker Key Bank Seattle, WA**

** **

**EDUCATION & TRAINING**

**Current:** Udacity Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree,

**Washington State** 300+ hours and certification in business law and
compliance for broker license

**DeVry University** Business and Technology program

**UCCS** 61 optional credit hours in mathematics and Electrical
Engineering

**United States Airforce** Electrical Engineering, and Signals Analysis
